Shorten the isNaN() page (#22464)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/number/isnan/index.md

## Description

> Due to both equality operators, [`==`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Equality) and [`===`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Strict_equality), evaluating to `false` when checking if {{jsxref("NaN")}} _is_ {{jsxref("NaN")}}, the function `Number.isNaN()` provides a convenient way to check for equality with `NaN`. This situation is unlike all other possible value comparisons in JavaScript.

Reviewer: I like to lead with the thing we're talking about, if possible. 
```suggestion
The function `Number.isNaN()` provides a convenient way to check for equality with `NaN`.
Note that you cannot test for equality of `NaN` values using either the [`==`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Equality) or [`===`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Strict_equality) operators, because unlike all other value comparisions in JavaScript, these evaluate to `false` when checking if {{jsxref("NaN")}} _is_ {{jsxref("NaN")}}.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The function `Number.isNaN()` provides a convenient way to check for equality with `NaN`. Note that you cannot test for equality with `NaN` using either the [`==`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Equality) or [`===`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Strict_equality) operators, because unlike all other value comparisons in JavaScript, these evaluate to `false` whenever one operand is {{jsxref("NaN")}}, even if the other operand is also {{jsxref("NaN")}}.
```
